Isaak: Hi.
Hey,
While
Isaak: It's been a while. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's been crazy now though. I mean,
Isaak: Yeah, it's all this stuff going on.
Have you been
Isaak: I've been good most part I haven't went any lower Ivan tapered further because all this stuff started happening like the lockdowns and stuff so I've just been staying where I am. But surprisingly, I mean, I'm okay. You know, like with everything going on.
Isaak: Yeah, I am. My mom came to town and she stayed for a few days or whatever. And she's guess she's she went back to her house, whatever. But she's coming back down. She's all freaked out right now with all the stuff going on. So,
Isaak: Yeah, we're just kind of just all sticking together right now and stuff. Yeah, crazy, isn't it.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: What do you have, do you have anything you want to go over
Isaak: Here, hold on.
Isaak: Sorry, except came in the room. I was in or whenever I wanted to be more quiet or whatever. Yeah.
Isaak: Yeah, I mean,
Isaak: I mean, I can't really think of like anything off the top my head, really. But, I mean, I don't know, things have just been kind of crazy because, I mean, my mom.
Isaak: Has been here, so like I don't know this, this House isn't very big, so her and her boyfriend are here and it's just like, I don't know the lockdown.
Isaak: Just causing like a lot of us to just kind of bump heads, you know, a cheap. She just got clean herself to so like there's that factor. So he's been kind of
Isaak: But I've just been trying to be there for right now, you know, and the best way. And, you know,
Shawn Phalen: How long has she been clean
Isaak: I'm like, maybe a month. So like, yeah, she she used math, though, or whatever, like, yes, she never got into like heroin like me or whatever but
Isaak: But yeah, I know I've been trying to be supportive of her and stuff. And yeah, I mean you the other day, or whatever. I was kind of mad at her because she
Isaak: Like she's been clicking, but she still had drugs on her. You know what I mean, like she she got kind of like little buzz because she's drinking. She's drinking while
Isaak: She's getting off math, but I mean, she doesn't have like an alcohol problem. And I told her, it's not a good idea to do alcohol because you especially when you're trying to get clean because it could like
Isaak: I don't know. It can make you mess up, you know what I mean like that. I mean, that's what to do for me. You know what I mean. So
Isaak: But, but, I mean, aside from that, though she ended up telling me and I'm just like, so we end up getting like this big fight but I made her I I'm kind of happy though because
Isaak: I made her throw it away like cheap, you know, I mean her and her boyfriend were talking and then she came out and then she flushed down the toilet in front of me. So I was like I was really proud of her though so
Isaak: I mean,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so she actually had meth on her and she's trying to get clean
Isaak: Yeah, as she just like she said it was kind of like a safety thing and I tried to explain from like
Isaak: Why I kind of get where she was coming from. But at the same time, I had to tell her, but like, that's
Isaak: If you really want to get clean you you can't have that mentality. You know, I mean, you don't hold on to it. That's just, you know, that's
Isaak: Self up to fail. You know what I mean, like,
Isaak: So, I mean, I'm glad she actually did it. You know, I told her, she's probably going to feel better now. I mean, I know it's scary. These. It's kind of like a safety net, but at the same time, though, it's
Isaak: It's gonna free you too, because like me it that's got to be like in the back of her head. You know what I mean, like she has it honor that's talking to help
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so it's kind of interesting how you're having to be the parent
Isaak: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's kind of weird like, unfortunately, I feel like that's, I mean, I know I wouldn't have been like the parent, but like I just feel like over the past like few years like I matured more than her. It's weird. You know what I mean, it's like
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. So how long has she been on drugs.
Isaak: I'm probably like 15 years
Isaak: Yeah, they did she is when you were little, um, yeah, she started she mainly started because we got like in this bad car accident, like in the rain and this lady got hit, and like you know wasn't her like her fault it was an accident, you know, and like that really messed her
Up.
Isaak: Yeah, after the accident is when she started using drugs. Yeah, it was probably like around us five. So maybe closer to 20 years
Isaak: Yeah, but I mean I'm proud of her though and like you know i'm glad she's coming back to
Isaak: Because I know her house can probably be kind of triggering to especially cuz she lives like in the middle. Nowhere, so there's less things to do but there's really nothing to do right now because this corn teen but
Isaak: You know what I mean. But, but, I mean, I'm, I'm just glad she's going to be down here, family, you know what I mean. So
Shawn Phalen: So your grandparents raised you right
Isaak: Yeah yeah
Shawn Phalen: So any. What's it like having your mom in house. I mean, that's
Isaak: That's fine. Well, I mean, it's like I said, I mean I'm just trying to be supportive. I mean, it's good. We've always kind of been more like brother and sister. You know what I mean.
Isaak: Just because the living situation like in my grandparents raising me. So, I mean, it's good. Like, I mean, honestly, I miss it. She's not here right now because she's going to come back in a few days. So, but yeah.
Isaak: I mean, it's not bad. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So you would say that you have a good relationship with her.
Yeah.
Isaak: How have you always had a good relationship with her, though. Um, well lately. It's, it's gotten a lot better.
Isaak: We didn't really have the greatest relationship like for a good majority of my life. But in the past like year so it's gotten a lot better. Like, especially like input. I live like
Isaak: With her for like maybe like a year so like I mean it was starting to get better than even though I was like still like we're yeah it's gotten better though. But yeah, used to be really bad.
Isaak: So what about her boyfriend.
Isaak: Yeah, actually. I mean, I think he is good for because you know he's not, he's not using drugs. You know what I mean like he's kind of
Isaak: He's probably my mom's boyfriend that it feels like she's not taking care of him like she always would give people that were just like losers. You know what I mean like that would fucking just like take advantage of her
Isaak: Were like just need money from her and drugs or whatever the fuck. So it's that there was someone that can support her to, you know,
Isaak: Does your mom work. Yeah. Yeah. But right now, she's off for 90 days because of the essential business thing.
Isaak: Yeah.
Isaak: Um, well, he works out of school. So no
Isaak: But they play. They can collect unemployment right now so
Isaak: crazy, isn't it, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So when you when you
Shawn Phalen: How long is she going to stay for. Do you know
Isaak: I'm sure, but probably a few weeks, at least I'm guessing you know I think it'd be good for her to just be here in like the early stages of, you know, getting her sobriety back so
Shawn Phalen: So have there been any has there been any conversation about if she were to relapse. So she's in the house, you guys.
Isaak: Um, no, not really. I mean, she she relapsed like a month ago, like, you know what I mean. Because I said she's been clean for like MONTH, BUT SHE TRIED like a few weeks back, you know,
Isaak: Like, but she relapsed when she went somewhere or whatever before all this stuff really happened, you know, but
Isaak: I mean, she told me about it, you know, which I, you know, was cool, like, you know, because I feel like you trust her. And like
Isaak: She usually she would never say anything like that when she's tried in the past, you know, like, so I feel like she's more serious about it, you know.
Isaak: Just because of that alone and the fact that, you know, we're throwing away the drugs and shit. So I mean, and because their boyfriends probing and be with her to I'm I feel pretty secure and good about it.
Isaak: But yeah
Isaak: But, um, other than that though. I mean, things are all right. I mean, just trying to, I'm just trying to keep myself from going crazy.
Isaak: You know, with everything else going on. Of course, but yeah.
Shawn Phalen: No. Are you bored.
Isaak: Yeah, it's easy to get forward and that's for
Isaak: But thankfully I mean I have stuff like this. I like to exercise. So I have a lot of like I have a treadmill and I have like this. The stationary bike and stuff at the house so
Isaak: So I'm able to like still do some of the things that I've done, but it's just sucks because like I live with my grandparents. So like, and I know they're like at risk. You know, like, because my my
Isaak: Pop or whatever. Yes, as my he's like a little overweight and he has diabetes. So like this virus probably wouldn't be very good for him to get
Isaak: And my grandma. She's in the age range where it's bad. So, so like I haven't had, you know, I'm not like seeing my friends or anything like my positive friends. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: I know that's just kind of a chap to do right now, you know, just, yeah.
Isaak: At least for the next month, you know, they're
Isaak: You know, they're trying to flatten the curve on this thing. And there's yeah you know the next two weeks, we could see a
Shawn Phalen: Lot like a spike.
Isaak: Yeah, reading that if there were saying something like, it's gonna probably peak. Pretty soon and like good as bad as it's going to get. And then it will probably like start to calm down a bit, so
Isaak: Exactly. Yeah. So this is a really crucial time and as boring as it can be. And yeah, you know, like crazy.
Shawn Phalen: And so have you had cravings. I mean, how are you doing with
Isaak: Um, well. So far so good. You know, I'm if I felt I feel like I was tapering still, it probably wouldn't have been good time like because I the dose that I've went down to
Isaak: I haven't really know too many like cravings really at all, but like I know I might start to feel that way. Or I might start to feel a little under the weather. If I keep going lower. So like, that's why they'd where I am, because I'm okay. Still, okay.
Isaak: So, like, how much are you taking. Now, how did you um 12 total a day like so I take like eight morning and four in the afternoon, and what will you take him before I'm 16 so I've only dropped like four okay well that's still good, you know. Yeah.
Isaak: Okay, and you're still doing the groups. Right. Yeah.
Okay.
Isaak: All right, that's good, you know. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so basically everything on hold right now.
Yeah.
Isaak: Yeah, yeah. It's kind of scary, too, because, like, hold on. Never. I went to check in, or whatever to my
Isaak: My group, the other day there was like a leading time and I never seen that before. So I don't know if it had to do with like what's going on or not.
Isaak: Like you're freaking out because I usually like to check into my groups like to get the the meeting id like 10 minutes before and it's like saying waiting time 10 to 15 minutes so I was like Oh shit, you know,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, no.
Shawn Phalen: I've been hearing that
Shawn Phalen: People are having to wait.
And yeah.
Isaak: It is taking a little bit longer for people to get on
Isaak: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: They're just keep checking in, like 10 minutes earlier because
Isaak: Yeah, I've just doing that, like up. Now, I know. So I'm just gonna write a check in earlier. Yeah, absolutely. So then I'm
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so with your mom coming back. You know, I would just encourage you to
Pay attention to
Isaak: You know, if you start to get triggered by her just by oh yeah you write something she says, or
Shawn Phalen: It can be memories from when you were a child.
Isaak: Yeah, yeah. I've been you've noticed, things like that. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And and then I think you have to have some kind of a plan if she were to somehow bring checks back because that is a
Isaak: Yeah. Well, no, I've been, ya know, I've been talking to my grandma about it to. You know what I mean. Yeah, so I get on the same page about you know her, and being here and stuff.
Isaak: I think that's a really important conversation to have with Grandma until. Yeah, you need to have those conversations with her because your mom can easily get more drugs right when she comes. Yeah. Yeah. You know, we're not done here. Yeah. Yeah. And
Shawn Phalen: And so I think you have to have a, you know, continue to have conversations with grandma.
Because, you know,
That's
Isaak: That's not okay. Oh, I know it. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: That's not okay for you and it's not okay for grandma.
Isaak: Yeah, no, I know, I know. Thankfully, like, I mean, I don't really have like a problem like why mean
Isaak: I still don't want to see see any of it. You know what I mean. But I mean, I'm not really like into the math anymore like
Isaak: I near like the end of my, like, the reason why I kind of jumped like boats here and like move to like heroin was because like
Isaak: Meth wasn't really doing it for me anymore. You know, like, I don't know, like I was just getting to like out of control on it. You know, so like I moved over to that. So, like, I mean, I don't know if I really have cravings, like, because I mean yeah met kind of just discussed.
Isaak: So, but I definitely, yeah. I mean, I don't want sometimes like yeah you're right about like just thinking about the past. Oh, like, you know what I mean.
Isaak: Like sometimes when we were like arguing, you know, but I've just been trying to self aware of that, you know, okay, good.
Isaak: Because, you know, you have to just consider how far you've come. Yeah, how much you've grown and you know what you need to do. You've worked really hard. Yeah.
Isaak: Get in maintain your sobriety and you know you are committed to that. And so you don't need anybody mess in that whole scene up for you. Yeah.
So, you know, just kind of like I said, just be aware of what your thoughts are, what your feelings are if you're triggered by things
Isaak: And then just use your coping skills, you know, working out going for a walk. Yeah.
You know, taking some time for yourself. You know, you know, the things that really work for you. Well, that you've been doing
So you're just going to have to, you know, keep
Isaak: Keep doing. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm not too, I think. So far so good at least you know
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Alright, so let's do you want to do like another month. That's what we did last time.
Sure.
Isaak: Okay, sorry about that.
Shawn Phalen: Monday, May 4 at six.
Isaak: Okay may 4 yeah at six o'clock.
Isaak: Okay, what, what day is that Monday.
Isaak: Okay.
Isaak: Oh yeah, that's your work.
Okay, let's do it.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so keep up the good work.
Isaak: All right, thank you. Okay, hang in there.
Isaak: Alright, thanks.